(Spear)What has brought you here, creature?
(Spear)Was it just random chance?
(Spear)Or were you too brought here by visions from the abyss?
(Spear)I once held a fascination for this place, its history, its knowledge.
(Spear)Now roaming these corridors feels nostalgic.
(Spear)I spent so much of my time here.
(Spear)Studying, measuring, hypothesizing.
(Spear)And I'm now supposed to just let it go?
(Spear)Act like it never happened?
(Spear)How would one even achieve that?
(Artificer)You do not belong here.
(Artificer)This place is incompatible with your hate.
(Artificer)Then again, in this place, far from those who have wronged you,<LINE>perhaps you can learn to forgive.
(Artificer)It’s only up to you.
(Red)I can feel your pain, little one.
(Red)Know that it’s not yet over for you. 
(Red)Take this gift and keep descending.
(Red)Perhaps you can do what I could not.
(Gourmand)What would someone like you make of this place?
(Gourmand)I was once fascinated by these ruins.
(Gourmand)So many questions, so little answers. 
(Gourmand)Do you feel the same way about the things we left behind?
(Gourmand)A cycle within a cycle.
(Gourmand)Eventually, some other creature will emerge and investigate the things your kind left behind.
(Gourmand)I wonder just how deep beneath the earth our creations will be by then.
(Gourmand)And the ruins we are standing on?
(Gourmand)Gone, erased as if they never existed in the first place.
(White)You! 
(White)Come, sit down with me.
(White)What do you think makes this place hallowed?
(White)Is it its proximity to the void?
(White)The vegetation?
(White)Some ancient technology?
(White)I pondered this question for countless cycles when I was whole, and for even more countless cycles now.
(White)Even though the answer no longer matters.
(White)Still, I can't help myself.
(White)Why is this place different?
(White)The answer has to lie in here somewhere.  
(White)It has to.
(Yellow)Yet another creature!
(Yellow)I’m growing rather fond of being visited by your kind. 
(Yellow)Can someone like me continue to make memories? 
(Yellow)Continue changing despite my predicament? 
(Yellow)I certainly hope so.
(Rivulet)Another one comes, it has certainly been a while.
(Rivulet)Come.
(Rivulet)Stay a while.
(Rivulet)…
(Rivulet)I’ve made peace with the fact that I'll never understand this place.
(Rivulet)This place is,
(Rivulet)and I am.
(Rivulet)And that’s good enough.
(Saint)Can you feel it? 
(Saint)The void is really close now. 
(Saint)Soon this area will no longer exist, and who knows what will happen to me. 
(Saint)Everything comes to an end eventually.
(Saint)Do you think I will finally get to join my peers?
(Inv)…
(Inv)…
(Inv)This region fucking sucks.
(Inv)I want a refund.
(Inv)Do you know how i can contact customer service?